Create ui-c8y-1021-52-1-fixed-issue-where-success-alarm-is-displayed-when-cancelled-modal-8349.md (#3084)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-52-1-fixed-issue-where-success-alarm-is-displayed-when-cancelled-modal-8349.md

---
date: ""

> title: Success alarm no longer displayed when canceling a create smart group modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Success message no longer displayed when canceling the creation of a smart group
```

> title: Fixed issue where success alarm is displayed when cancelled modal (#8349) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8515)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Success alarm no longer displayed when canceling a create smart group modal.
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-6235
version: 1021.52.1
---

> Fixed issue where success alarm is displayed when cancelled modal (#8349) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8515)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a user opened a create smart group modal dialog and then canceled it, a success alarm was incorrectly displayed even though no action was actually completed successfully. This has now been fixed. The success alarm will now only be shown when an action is completed as expected.
```

> When a user opened a create smart group dialog and then canceled it, a success alarm was incorrectly displayed even though no action was actually completed successfully. This has now been fixed. The success alarm will now only be shown when an action is completed as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user opened a create smart group dialog and then canceled it, a success message was incorrectly displayed even though no action was actually completed successfully. This has now been fixed. The success alarm will now only be shown when an action is completed as expected.
```

> When a user opened a create smart group modal dialog and then canceled it, a success alarm was incorrectly displayed even though no action was actually completed successfully. This has now been fixed. The success alarm will now only be shown when an action is completed as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user opened a create smart group dialog and then canceled it, a success alarm was incorrectly displayed even though no action was actually completed successfully. This has now been fixed. The success alarm will now only be shown when an action is completed as expected.
```
